teams/kongpaper/20250905-ocr/en.md, before:

---
title: "OCR System Maintenance Notice"
date: "2025-09-05"
author: 92MING
keywords: maintenance
level: "info"
---

## OCR (Optical Character Recognition) System Maintenance Notice
Currently, our OCR system only supports recognition of printed fonts and a limited amount of handwritten text. Considering the demand for handwriting recognition in Chinese and English compositions, we are actively deploying new models to improve the accuracy and efficiency of handwriting recognition, and expect to complete the update by next week. During this period, OCR functionality may be temporarily unavailable.

## Expected New Features
- Support for Chinese and English handwriting recognition
- Automatic identification of valid handwritten areas, ignoring invalid areas outside the article.

## Follow Us
Stay updated with the latest news and updates by following our [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kongpaperai/) and [Threads](https://www.threads.com/@kongpaperai).

**Thank you for helping us make Kong Paper better!**

Commit message:

feat: add summary field and README.md

teams/kongpaper/20250905-ocr/en.md, after:

---
title: "OCR System Maintenance Notice"
date: "2025-09-05"
author: 92MING
keywords: ["maintenance", "OCR", "handwriting-recognition"]
level: "info"
summary: "OCR system upgrade in progress to improve Chinese and English handwriting recognition."
---

## OCR (Optical Character Recognition) System Maintenance Notice
Currently, our OCR system only supports recognition of printed fonts and a limited amount of handwritten text. Considering the demand for handwriting recognition in Chinese and English compositions, we are actively deploying new models to improve the accuracy and efficiency of handwriting recognition, and expect to complete the update by next week. During this period, OCR functionality may be temporarily unavailable.

## Expected New Features
- Support for Chinese and English handwriting recognition
- Automatic identification of valid handwritten areas, ignoring invalid areas outside the article.

## Follow Us
Stay updated with the latest news and updates by following our [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/kongpaperai/) and [Threads](https://www.threads.com/@kongpaperai).

**Thank you for helping us make Kong Paper better!**
